After we have successfully rewritten our favorite and accept
button into vue js component now we can continue
building our project and rewrite our vote
controls into vue js component. OK
without further ado let's get started.
Let's switch over to our terminal
and then create new branch by saying git checkout
-b lesson-35
And then we can run web pack by saying npm
run watch.
Now let's open up shared _vote.blade.php
let's copy the markup
and then go to assets js components
folder and then create new file.
I'm going to call it vote.vue
inside this file let's add template tag
and paste the markup
here
let's remove this if else statement and
then utilize the v-if and v-else directive.
I don't have any idea how to check the
instance of an object in Javascript.
So here I'm going to check the name instead.
If the name is question this favourite component will be shown
otherwise
Is the name is answer
then this accept component will be shown.
Or we can simplify this with v-else directive
because we are no longer in blade file
let's check the model from php variable into javascript.
So in this component we need to define two properties
name and model.
Let's add script tag
define props
and add name and model.
Now let's remove all on click attributes as well as the forms from this component
and then
remove the additional class and add class binding.
This almost the same thing as we did in the previous
lesson so when user not signed in we add `off` class.
Let's define computed poperty
and inside here let's define classes method
here is simply return nothing if a user
has signed in or off if user not signed in
next let's make change to title attribute both in vote up
and vote down button. Since the title should be dynamic
so
let's cut the text
and remove the title's text here.
And we will bind this title attribute to a method let's say title
pass in up in vote up anchor
and pass in down
in vote down anchor
here in script tag
let's add methods property
and inside here let's define the title method and of
course this method should has an argument vote type
here
firstly let's provide titles
each for vote up and vote down
and make each name dynamic.
And then we simply return the title based
on the type that we enter in the argument.
Next
let's make change the vote count. Here
I'm going to change this to count. Here in the script
I'll define data method return an object
and inside here
I'll define count property to hold model dot votes count.
Now let's register this vote component in app.js
duplicate this line
the component name will be vote and
it come from components vote.vue
Here
this favourite and accept component will only called
inside the vote component and they will not called
in other places.
So let's remove both of these from here and we will register
them as local component inside the vote component.
Let's go back to vote.vue
here
I'm going import the components using
native es6 module like this import Favorite
from
because we are in the same directory
here we can call the file path like this dot forward
slash favorite dot vue
Let's duplicate this line
And change to accept
Here
let's define components property
and register both favorite and accept component here.
Here the key will be the name of our component.
So it's equivalent with this one.
But here we should define it in camel case
and vue js  will interpret it in kebab case.
So if we change these to
favorite component
then in our template we call favorite dash component.
Next
let's also register the accept component
in es6 if we want to define an object which the key
has the same name with a value then we can use
the shorthand syntax by simply pass the key name just like this
favorite accept.
So this is called object literal property value shorthand.
All right
now let's call this component in _answer
blade php
here we can call our vote component by saying vote model
answer
name
let's save all changes
and have a look.
Reload the page.
It's look no difference
Actually
We lose our favorite button.
Let me open my browser console. Here
I have error unknown custom elements fovorite
did you register the company correctly
blah blah blah.
I'm sure this error because we haven't changed in
here the vote control with our new vote component.
So let's switch back over to our editor
open questions show blade php
Here
let's replace this with our vote component.
now the favorite button come back and we have no error here.
Here let me see the tool tips "this question
is useful",  "this question is not useful"
Now
let me see the tool tips on the answer
the tool tip "this answer is useful".
And "this answer is not useful".
Great.